[Music]
Ben Hildebrand and twelve-year-old Eric
Kirby go parasailing around the waters
of Isla Sorna the boat crew mysteriously
disappear in a brief moment obscured by
fog forcing Ben to detach the line he
and Eric drift towards the island on the
mainland
dr. Alan Grant has become famous after
his involvement at Jurassic Park while
Ellie Sattler is married to a State
Department employee named Marc and has
two children Grant discusses with
Sattler how Raptors are far more
intelligent than they had previously
believed at a dig site grants assistant
Billy Brennan demonstrates how he can
use a 3d printer to replicate a
Velociraptor larynx Paul and Amanda
Kirby an apparently wealthy couple offer
grant funding for his research if he
will give them an aerial tour of Isla
Sorna grant is desperate for research
funding and reluctantly agrees he flies
there with Paul Amanda Billy and the
Kirby's mercenary associates Cooper
udesky
and their pilot mash on the plane grant
learns that the Kirby's actually planned
to land on the island when Grant opposes
he's knocked out by Cooper and wakes to
discover they had landed a Spinosaurus
approaches the group who board the plane
to escape without waiting for Cooper the
Spinosaurus devours Cooper on the runway
and the plane crashes in the forest
after hitting the dinosaur stranded on a
treetop Nash is also devoured by the
dinosaur fleeing the survivors briefly
lose the Spinosaurus but encounter a
Tyrannosaurus the Spinosaurus returns
but the group escapes while the two
dinosaurs fight each other with the
Spinosaurus winning by breaking the
directors neck grant demanding the truth
from the Kirby's learned they're
actually a middle-class divorced couple
who are looking for their son Eric and
Amanda's boyfriend Ben who have been
missing on the island for eight weeks
later the group finds the parasail with
Ben's corpse attached the group takes
the parasail and then encounter Raptor
nests they find an abandoned engine
compound where they are chased by a
raptor which eventually contacts the
rest of its pack the humans flee into a
herd of corythosaurus and
Parasaurolophus causing a stampede
separating grant and du deskey from the
others who deskey is attacked by Raptors
who leave him barely alive on the ground
in an attempt to lure the others out of
the tree they had climbed into Amanda is
nearly killed by the Raptors when she
tries to descend to help you deskey and
upon the failure of their trap the
Raptors kill you des key before
departing elsewhere grant suspects that
the raptors are searching for something
while observing
two of them communicating he becomes
cornered by the Raptors but is rescued
by Erik who managed to survive in an
overturned water truck the next day
grant and Erik here Paul satellite phone
ringing and are reunited with the
Kirby's and Billy Paul explains that he
gave the phone to Nash before he was
devoured the group is then chased by the
Spinosaurus the source of the ringing
phone after the group escapes grant
discovers Billy took two Raptor eggs to
use for funding which provoked the
Raptor attacks grant decides to keep the
eggs to ensure the group's survival the
group unknowingly enters a large aviary
used to house Pteranodons which attacked
the group and fly away with Erik Billy
rescues Erik by using Ben's parasail but
is then attacked and seemingly killed by
the Pteranodons the rest of the group
escapes the aviary unintentionally
leaving the door unlocked they make
their way downriver using a boat that
night the group retrieves the ringing
phone buried in the feces of the
Spinosaurus as rainfalls
grant tries to contact Sadler but the
Spinosaurus attacks the boat grant sets
the boat fuel on fire and burns the
Spinosaurus causing it to flee the next
day
the group makes their way towards the
shoreline but are surrounded by the
Raptors the eggs are surrendered to the
Raptors while grant uses the replicated
Raptor larynx to confuse the pack who
run off with the eggs
the humans flee to the coast and find
that Sattler had called in the US Marine
Corps and the US Navy to rescue them
they discover that Billy while seriously
injured is still alive and has also been
rescued as they leave the island they
see the Pteranodons flying free and
Grant says they are looking for new
grounds
[Music]